Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the underground  event! We have a lineup of fighters that you wouldn't want to cross paths with in a dark alley.

I encourage the audience to give a thunderous applause when my thugs come on stage.

First up, hailing from Brussels and the Arab world, this man's presence makes the ladies quiver in fear: Corentin!

Next, a man who moves in the shadows like a thief in an RPG game, striking with deadly precision: Samy!

Our third fighter is a notorious criminal wanted around the world, but he's promised to spare us today: Nicolas!

And then we have our fourth fighter, a man with superhuman strength who supposedly defeated Superman in an arm-wrestling match and broke his arm in the process: Noa!

Last but not least, we have a formidable chemist who's discovered incredible secrets and allegedly conducted dark experiments on goats in Tunisia. He's a lethal weapon, capable of taking out hundreds with just a fart: Wissem!

Folks, these fighters are not to be taken lightly. Get ready for some intense, no-holds-barred action today!


//

Now that the introductions have been made, and before the fights begin, we're going to talk a bit about 'the world of artificial intelligence and creativity

Firstly, I selected a photo from the internet, to be honest, it was the first one that caught my eye. After that, I described the image, and I see 


"A photo of a hill filled with trees, with a Chinese-style palace building overlooking the hill.
In the foreground, at the bottom of the photo, a stone fence borders the foot of the hill along with a Chinese temple-style cabin.
The photo is taken at dusk, with a cloudy sky, and the orange rays of the sun reflecting on some of the clouds."

Now, I'll give you a moment to imagine this photo as I described it. Okay, here's the photo. Did you imagine it in the same way?

And what about the AI?

Well, just like you, I asked the AI to imagine and generate an image based on the description that I gave you. Of course, it's an AI specialized in image generation.

Now, we can see what the AI has generated, and it's amazing. I couldn't tell which one is real or fake.

I'll now hand over to my colleague for the next part.